Didn't come
That would be fine.
If he gives up sooner
Lest I die and live again
When the king's illness is cured
I have no worries in this world
Ah, I've already died once anyway
It doesn't matter if you die again
After a long time
You don't know anything about cinnabar
I really don't know
You can't lie just to make you happy
Brother Hao, what attracted you to Yuan Qinglin?
Don't you think he is a despicable person?
More than despicable
It's just savage
Willful and bad
Cold and mean
You actually like such a person?
No way
Who made him the princess of this king?
Then you
Do you believe I said those words to King Huai on purpose?
Heart
Good brother you
You and I are strictly forbidden here
For the good of King Qi
Princess Qi will be invited in the future
Shaolaifu ashore
I'm afraid Liang Yu has already succeeded offline.
You can rush over to collect Yuan Qingling's body
Don't come here
Tonight.
I'm going to make you pay for your life
No, although I accept the fact that I am going to die
But I don't want to be killed so painfully